How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

It was easy to spot the bug because I did not have to go through the whole content.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I can easily see what changes have I made to the file. I can add on to it and compare to the previous version to see the difference.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Manually choosing when to commit:
		Pros: can commit when we have done one logical piece of work. So, it is easy to view what has been done step by step.
		cons: sometimes we forget to commit or don't know when is the right time to commit. So, it might clutter our work.
		
	Automatically saved:
		pros: We don't have to worry about when to commit.
		cons: work is not logically commited. So, it is difficult to go through the work step by step.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Sometimes it is important to save multiple files in one commit because they are related logically. so, git allows to save multiple files in one commit.
	
	However in case of google docs, this is not the case because the files are saved automatically after we make some changes.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    we can use git log commmand to view all the previous commits. The git diff command followed by two git commit ids will show the difference between two git commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    We can confidently make changes to sensitive files. This is because of the fact that if something goes wrong we can easily restore the previous working version.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

   I would like to try Git for my coding project.